Add and update hyperfunctions for Toolkit 1.6 (#947)
timescale/docs: api/topn.md

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`agg`|`FrequencyAggregate` or `TopnAggregate`|The aggregate to display values for|
|`n`|`INTEGER`|The number of values to return. Required only for frequency aggregates. For top N aggregates, defaults to target `n` of the aggregate itself|
|`ty`|`AnyElement`|A value that provides an example of the output type|

<highlight type="important">
Because frequency aggregates and top N aggregates can operate over data of any
type, `topn` uses the `ty` parameter to specify the data type of the output.
`ty` must be an object, so it must be an actual example of the data type rather

> than the name of the type. For example, for integer output, use `0::INTEGER`.

Author: ```suggestion
than the name of the type. For example, for integer output, use `0::INTEGER`.
Don't use `NULL::<TYPE>` as the example value. The function doesn't work correctly
with a `NULL` example.
```

</highlight>

## Optional arguments

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`n`|`INTEGER`|The number of values to return. Optional only for top N aggregates, where it must be less than the target `n` of the aggregate itself|

## Returns

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`topn`|`AnyElement`|The `n` most-frequent values in the aggregate.|

> If a frequency aggregate is used, and it contains fewer than `n` elements, the
> function returns fewer than `n` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are fewer than `n` value available, either because there are not 
enough elements with the minimum frequency in a frequency aggregate, 
or the data isn't skewed enough to support a top n aggregate, the function 
returns fewer than `n` values.

Requesting more values from a top n aggregate than it was created for will
return an error.
```
